feature: add docs to composite credential (#111)
UnumID/UnumID.github.io: docs/reusables/credential-request-code-snippet.mdx

  required?: boolean, // @deprecated - Use mandatory field instead. If the credential is required
  mandatory?: 'yes' | 'no' | 'if_available' // if the credential is required, not required, or required if available.
  description?: string // a description field that is shown to the user; can be used to explain why the information is being requested

>   children?: CredentialRequest[] // this field contains the list of sub-credentials relevant to the parent credential that are being requested (eg: FullNameCredential(FirstNameCredential, MiddleNameCredential LastNameCredential), AddressCredential(Line1Credential, Line2Credential, CityCredential, StateCredential, ZipCodeCredential, CountryCredential))

Reviewer: This example "syntax" is confusing. What are you trying to show here?

Author: Oh, I think just make sense if we look when is render 

<img width="991" alt="image" src="https://github.com/UnumID/UnumID.github.io/assets/11665444/7f27d816-9188-4320-920d-5b44c6828486">

>   children?: CredentialRequest[] // this field contains the list of sub-credentials relevant to the parent credential that are being requested (eg: FullNameCredential(FirstNameCredential, MiddleNameCredential LastNameCredential), AddressCredential(Line1Credential, Line2Credential, CityCredential, StateCredential, ZipCodeCredential, CountryCredential))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  children?: CredentialRequest[] // this field contains the list of sub-credentials relevant to the parent credential that are being requested, eg for a FullNameCredential this value would be: FirstNameCredential, MiddleNameCredential LastNameCredential
```

Author: Liam, already change

>   children?: CredentialRequest[] // this field contains the list of sub-credentials relevant to the parent credential that are being requested (eg: FullNameCredential(FirstNameCredential, MiddleNameCredential LastNameCredential), AddressCredential(Line1Credential, Line2Credential, CityCredential, StateCredential, ZipCodeCredential, CountryCredential))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  children?: CredentialRequest[] // list of sub-credentials relevant to the parent credential (e.g. FullNameCredential(FirstNameCredential, MiddleNameCredential LastNameCredential)
```
